Update index.md (#106)
pyscript/docs: docs/index.md

    Our <a href="developers/">developer guide</a> explains how to set
    up a working development environment for PyScript.</p>
  </dd>
  <dt><strong>PyScript.com vs PyScript.net...</strong></dt>
  <dd>

>     <p><a href="https://pyscript.com/" target="_blank">PyScript.com</a> is the community's free hosting platform. You can explore projects 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p><a href="https://pyscript.com/" target="_blank">PyScript.com</a> is a free hosting service provided to the PyScript community by Anaconda. You can explore projects 
```

>     created by others, collaborate on their vision, or start your own projects. On <a href="https://pyscript.net/" target="_blank">PyScript.net</a>, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    created by others, collaborate on their vision, or start your own projects. <a href="https://pyscript.net/" target="_blank">PyScript.net</a>, 
```
